GitHub pages action fail fixed (#695)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli: SPRINTLOG.md

- Update requests to solve CVE ([#690](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/690))
- Update docs for Testing instance migration, including removing use of 'dev' ([#691](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/691))

> - Fixing of GitHub Pages action, that broke due to update in the actions image ([#695](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/695))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix GitHub Pages action, that broke due to update in the action's image ([#695](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/695))
```
